And...
Thank you.
Your
Clouds
The other hand
He's
Gojiya for the castle to ret
Even if you get tired on your way back to hell...
if I can make a fish-fish-nose talk...
I'll stand cash on the 듣eder's mirror above a small conch...
for one million and eight hundred billion now, I have no doubt
Now, drop the story and hand it over to me.
Or do you want me to just leave it as it is?
That's...
Drop the story and hand it over to me.
Or do you want me to just leave it as it is?
Now, now, now...
I'm going to go and finish it quickly.
What about this?
Your Excellency, we've waited for a while.
Everyone's waiting, and nobody's waiting!
Nobody is waiting!
I'm the last one to be on the land.
I'm off on a much closer journey.
What?
I've waited and waited...
For too long...
Please forgive me as a Guest of the General...
as you wish now...
I know very well that you're back...
An old man's life hasn't changed!